
Introduction
An estimated 0.6% of the U.S. population is transgender and large health disparities for this population have been documented. Surveys are one approach to gaining a better understanding of this particular population, but a wide range of both quantitative and qualitative research methodologies are usually necessary for a full understanding of the many issues facing gender minorities. However, gender minorities are often excluded from surveys because the usual approach of just asking about participants' sex creates a dilemma for intersex, transgender, and non-binary individuals. Often due to a lack of options pertaining to one's sex and gender, gender minorities might just choose to not answer the question. In this study, we have attempted to deduce gender minorities from participants in a longitudinal study based on missing gender and sex data from baseline, first follow-up, and second follow-up study. 

Methods
We selected Gates Millennium Scholars (GMS) Survey Data Cohort 1, United States, 2000-2008 as our data source because of the wide range of research questions relating to general wellbeing, socio-economic background, educational attainment, social life, and mental health. The GMS Longitudinal Study aimed to collect trend data on the impact of the scholarship program on the lives of the Scholars as they enter and progress through postsecondary institutions and into the
workforce. Since this survey had asked the participants for both sexes at birth and gender across the three surveys, our initial aim was to compare the statistical difference based on the inclusion and exclusion of gender variables for both genders confirming and non-confirming individuals. However, due to the nature of the small sample size and missing data, we failed to identify any such individuals whose sex at birth and gender differed. Thus, we hypothesized that missing sex at birth or gender data could be an indicator of gender non-confirming individuals choosing to withhold their gender identity which could be due to several reasons such as if they were beginning to question their gender identity, or they had just started the process of transitioning, or they were simply uncomfortable with expressing their gender identity. Our analysis consisted of four main steps:
1) Filtering the original data consisting of participant id, sex at birth, gender, and other variables of interest across the three surveys.
2) Assigning likelihood on a scale of (Unsure, least likely, likely, most likely) of individuals being gender non-confirming based on missing sex at birth and gender variables across the three surveys
3) Creating a mosaic plot to compare variables of interest against the four categories of the likelihood of being gender non confirming  
4) Comparison of the results against scientific studies which compared similar variables of interest against gender conforming and non-confirming individuals

Limitations  
The premise of our study is based on the manual assignment of participants across groups of (unsure, least likely, likely, and most likely) to be gender non-confirming according to the data from Cedars-Sinai study, published recently in JAMA Network Open, a journal of the American Medical Association. The research led by urologist Maurice Garcia, MD  found that transgender women lived an average of 27.1 years and transgender men 22.9 years before they began social transition and/or hormonal therapy treatments. Although this approach may be suitable for transgenders, it might exclude intersex, non-binary, and other gender minorities who choose to transition earlier or later in life. The assignment of likelihoods should not be thought of as an accurate major for division across these three categories. There's a possibility that individuals who identify as male or female across all three surveys and are assigned into the category of least likely of being transgender may well be thinking about coming out but may be unable to do so or they may as well be at the beginning stages of transitioning. 
Our results are based on a comparison against similar variables of interest from other scientific studies. The scope of our conclusions is limited since we will never know for sure if the missing sex and gender variable data did indeed contain gender minorities.

Ethical Considerations
Our research does not seek to identify and possibly out specific gender and sexual minority groups. Rather we are only attempting to discern if it is possible to estimate gender minorities for cases where the data might be lacking. We are only looking for patterns that could indicate sexual and gender diversity.



